alright guys what's up mr. noodles 795
here with a another Fallout New Vegas
weapon tutorial this one's going to show
you how to get the AER 14 prototype
which is located in
Paul 22 which is near ranger station
foxtrot and ruby online silver feet
moines but if you have brooks tumbleweed
ranch
you basically just head south now you'll
find it it's kind of secluded in this
little section here is a guy that's
surrounded by hills it's pretty much
west of the thorn and the west side
crimson caravan free side good once
you're here this is what it looks like
so you're just gonna head on to this
vault door enter vault 22 so what's
inside you're gonna head this way
now there's an easy way to get this if
you have a high enough repair you can
repair the elevator and it's like a
couple steps once you do that but I'm
gonna do it the long way first to show
you guys how to get if you don't have a
high enough repair one anothers do a
quick section after with repairing the
elevator so you go here door to vol 22
oxygen recycling
to jour de Ville 22 food productions
this way
so as you can see there's a things
called sport carriers down here anyway
you gonna make it rated or full 22
common areas it's in here sorry you're
not gonna go that way
can you go this way
and you can jump down here kill that
dude kill him
and you're gonna make your way to this
door which is locked
average I'm go ahead and pick this lock
nope
you're gonna make your way up to this
door here him kill him and you're gonna
grab this key card vol 22 cave door key
card
I've got nothing turn around leave this
place
this is also a quest that you can get
from an NCR scientist at a camp mccarran
he has a quest that sends you here so
you're going to go back up to food
production
hit this way
kill these four carriers oh here
access cave door access terminal
disengage lock and then open this door
kill that mantis fill that mantis Oh
phew all right and you're gonna head
down here make a left over here up to
this door door to vault 22 pest control
oops um what's in here
gonna make your way this way from this
door here see down here that sport
career go to this door door two volt 22
common areas locked very easy let's come
into this kill him kill him
right there on the ground this is the
eighth year fourteen prototype thanks to
two things of energy sales which I don't
know why because that's not what this
guy uses go ahead take it
see so that is you get in pretty little
condition click always I'll head back
outside and show you it outside I can
better showcase it okay I'm outside I
repaired it ahead a couple laser rifles
on hand so I prepared it my energy
weapons goes very low it's right now
it's doing 21 but at full condition and
with a level 100 energy weapons it does
35 compared to the regular laser rifles
22 so here I'm gonna quit so as you can
see as it does say it's prototype
there's wiring all around the weapon but
it adds to the character of the gun I
think it's pretty cool so excited this
35 compared to 22 so it's substantially
more damaging and the first thing you'll
notice is it doesn't fire it red beam it
fires a green one
so it's got a slightly higher fire rate
to slightly less spread it's got a
higher critical multi-hit critical hit
multiplier higher critical damage also
it uses too much confusion cells instead
of one the next that's got a green beam
it does away point five more than the
regular laser rifle let's say point five
eight and another downside is it does
have 25 less item HP than the regular
laser rifle well it makes up for that by
doing more damage in having a higher
critical hit ratio
so as you can see my laser rifle and the
energy weapons is terrible
because I'm like doing no damage to
birds but if you're a ninja weapons user
this is a really good replacement to the
regular laser rifle because it can take
down targets much faster than a standard
one can and so yeah there you go let's
say you get the AER 14 prototype doing
it the long method if you don't have
repair to fix the elevator and so I'll
cookie go now and show you how to get it
the other way if you can fix the
elevator with a high enough repair oh
and these laser sights won't be on the
web gun that's a mod I have installed
alright so here's the quick way to get
it if you can fix the elevator just
gonna go into fall 22 head this way head
on over to the elevator here I'll repair
the elevator go down to the fifth level
pest control
go straight and make it right to the
door to vault 22 common areas store it's
very easy and locked again you kill
these commands Isis if you don't you
dare touch me
well there it is so if you can fix the
elevator it's much faster you go ahead
and take it there it is again
a year fourteen prototype so I hope
you'll enjoy the video and hope this
helps you out and like always rate
comment subscribe see there folks